Burgeon - Grow and flourish.

Reconcile - Make (one thing) compatible with (another).

Abstruse - Difficult to understand; incomprehensible.

Iconoclastic - Defying tradition or convention.

Unscrupulous - Without scruples or principles.

Bumbling - Lacking physical movement skills, especially with the hands.

Temperance - The trait of avoiding excesses. Self-restraint. Self-control.

Hackneyed - Lacking significance through having been overused.

Ignoble - Dishonorable.

Pundit - Someone who has been admitted to membership in a scholarly field.

Tortuous - Marked by repeated turns and bends; not straightforward.

Underscore - Give extra weight to (in a communication).

Confound - to cause confusion.

Adamant - Refusing to change one's mind.

Incorrigible - Impervious to correction by punishment.

Espouse - To adopt or support an idea or cause.

Apocryphal - Being of questionable authencity.

Soporific - Inducing mental lethargy; sleep inducing(boring).

Construe - Interpreted in a particular way.

Pendantic - marked by a sharp focus on or display of learning especially its trivial aspects.

Myopic - Lacking foresight or imagination.

Indifference - The trait of seeming not to care. Lack of interest.

Eradicate - Completely destroy.

Provincial - Characteristic of a limited perspective; Not sophisticated.

Blatant - Completely obvious.

Petulant - Easily irritated or annoyed.

Pragmatic - Guided by practical experience and observation rather than theory. Practical oriented.

Exonerate - Pronounce not guilty of criminal charges.

Laudable - Worthy of high praise. (Lord).

Ostentatious - intended to attract notice and impress other; Tawdry or vulger.

Exacting erquiring and demanding accuracy.

Intransigent - Unwilling to change one's beliefs or course of action.

Copious - Abundant supply.

Ingratiate - Gain favour with somebody by deliberate efforts.

Exalt - To praise or glorify.

Implacable - Incapable of making less angry or hostile. unappeasable. unforgiving. unpacifiable.

