Recondite -  Difficult to penitrate (difficult to understand).

Gall -  Trait of being rude and impertinent.

Frivolous - Not serious.

Didactic - Instructive (useful and informative).

Gainsay - Deny or oppose.

Aesthetic - Concerned with beauty/artistic movement.

Rustic - Characteristics of Rural life.

Bucolic - Plesent aspect of a country.

Banal - Repeated too often. Becomes boring.

Reticent - Not revealing one's thoughts (no talk policy).

Diffident - lack of self-confidence.

Lambast - Criticize severly.

Chortle - To chuckle or laugh.

Preclude - Keep from arising or happening.

Fortuitous - Occuring by happy chance.

Torpor - Lack of lethargy/Energy/Enthusiasm.

Volubility - Talking or writing easily.

Gossamer - Unusual lightness or delicacy (delicate).

Platitude - Obvious remark.

Querulous - Habitually complaining.

Apathetic - Lack of interest.

Impudent - Improperly bold and forward.(impertinent)

Vociferous - Offensively loud.

Dogmatic - Highly opioniated.

Culminate - Reach the highest point.

Perfidy - Deliberate betrayal. Treacherous.

Conspicuous - Completely obvious.

Mitigate - Make less severe or harsh.

Audacious - Willing to be bold in public.

Eschew - Avoid, to stay clear of.

Mawkish - Overly sentimental to the point that is disgusting.

Inexorable - Impossible to prevent or stop.

Aesthete -  One with great sensitivity in beauty of art and nature.

Concede - Acknowledge defeat. Surrender.

Deferential - Showing respect.

Obscure - Make unclear. Known by only few. Uncertain.

Predilection - Strong liking.

Germane - Relevent or appropriate.

Superfluous - Serving no useful purpose. Useless. More than what is needed.

Incisive - intelligently analytical and clear-thinking. (action) quick and direct.

Entrenched - Fixed firmly or securely.

Gult - An excessive supply.

Exacerbate - Make worse.

Prescience - Predict or foresee future.

Decorous - Characterized by good taste in manners and conduct.

Dictatorial - Characteristics of an absolute ruler.